include current bottlenecks that are in construction areas. And I don't want that to, if that's not part of your scope, because you're saying, let's say, these are improvements already happening. I don't want that to, um... muddy up the rest of the data where you could find actual spaces for improvement. I see, yeah. Does that make sense? Yeah. I might not know the old terminology yet, but I'm trying to explain myself. Yeah, so you're saying, like, because they're currently doing construction in an area, it's causing more congestion, temporarily, right? Or they're actually making improvements in somewhere that is unknown, high congestion area type of thing, right? So we would... So do we have, can we somehow extract that data out of the other information and find other areas for improvement to start building a model that makes sense for, um, finding, congestion, and improving it without where improvements are already made or congestion already is? Yeah. I mean, in terms of, like, construction currently happening, adding to the congestion, we would probably have to add that as something that is excluded and taken into account, because, like, a temporary congestion is... So not really somewhere where you're like, Oh, you should make changes, and it's like, well, it's because there's construction, right? On the other, for the other point on, like, the it's construction happening because they're improving it, right? I think with that, we'd have to look into if we have access to data that showcases what they're planning on improving. And even then, I would still, like, until there's actually an improvement in place, I would not really include it, because we would then just treat it as, like, oh, well, even if they're making changes here right now, this is our predictive modelling of either the change that they're recommending, or we might even be like, oh, actually, they're planning on doing this, but our AI is telling us this other method might actually be a better way to... Okay. Yeah. Okay, so what about, considering, let's say you look at the map as a whole, you identify congestion areas, and then you ask the question in these congested areas, are these construction areas? Should we keep and remove those now flagged sections? Could some of them be partial or incomplete improvements? And that's maybe going a little bit further into programming later. But what if we take the map as a whole, find congestion, take out anything that's construction, just to start working the model as just improvement sections and what we can do there, instead of complicating it, and then growing out from there. Yeah, what do you think? Yep. Um. Just ideas. I'm just, I'm just, I'm here just for, like, information dump, give you ideas. No worries. That's awesome. Yeah, there you are, they brought up some good points. which was in our blind despite spot. Um, and you also a spitball, so, so many great ideas. We will incorporate them. I hope that's not too much or, I don't know. No, it's giving us the full picture. That's great. And we would love to also list you as one of the domain experts in our slide that we tell the judges that we talk to these domain experts and different industries. That's fine. Of course, that'd be very cool. Oh, yeah, perfect, wonderful. Is there anything else I can help you with? Like, um, sorry... I don't... You'll have to forgive me 'cause I don't really know you, but I'd love to hear a little bit of, like, what, like, what your expertise is, what your background is. So I have this diploma and logistics and supply chain management. Okay. I worked about 10, 12 years in logistics, inventory management. My goals and my favourite sort of encompassing role was working in continuous improvements and quality control. I worked for 6 years for a company. So I do ISO, which is international standard operations, um, on the internal auditing. So I'm, essentially, I can train people, and I can go into any company that's ISO certified, and I can audit any of their systems or programs throughout all of their departments, and give them feedback, help them restructure their standard offering procedures, help them, build new SOPs, retrain on them, and get them so that they're in a place where they can be certified again that year, so to speak, for I. So that's, those are, that's kind of like my main focus. As far as AI is concerned, it's something that I'm just sort of getting into in the last few months, but I'm very tech savvy, and I have been for many, many years. And so I'm trying to figure out how to sort of blend the 2 things a little bit now. And, yeah, so, that's that answered your question. Yeah, yeah. Have you ever worked with government institutions? Uh, no, uh, but I do have a very close friend, one of my old bosses, who is, uh, he works for the city of Calgary for Health and Safety. If you maybe had any questions about, then I can always ask him. I don't know if he'd be helpful, but... Yeah, yeah, I mean, that'd be awesome. I think, like, what we're trying to get some insight into, if you or someone, you know, has any insight into this, is really understanding, like, how, like, how the road infrastructure decisions are made, not just encounter, but, like, any type of government level, right? roads are not only at the municipal level. And I think it'd be really awesome to get some insight into, like, I mean, you might even have some of this, of this as well, because you worked in operations and logistics and things like that, but around, like, um, like, how budget considerations are made, um, as well as, like, understanding, like, um, like, who makes these decisions, how they're made typically. Like, we're just trying to get a little bit more industry knowledge, right? Yeah, trying to find an expert in that field. Okay, well, how about just for fun? I'll reach out to my friend and see if you, if, let me just think of a few, like, solid questions, like, how... Like, what the pipeline is, is really... I can clean something up as well and have resident over some questions if that's easier for you. Yeah, if you could give, like, more broad, maybe, let's say, not infrastructure, but how, like, how you want the pipeline, sort of, information, like, how decisions are made, what kind of cruels need to be done. I'm guessing those are some sort of things you want. What sort of procedural requirements need to be done? And because I know that he does a lot of looking over finances, for introducing infrastructure, for construction sites, because he's in health and safety. So I know that he's approved some, you know, those median pieces. There are some that, uh, he was just speaking with me when I was out with him, uh, two weeks ago about some that are, like, safety for, like, if a car runs into it, how it'll, like, stop the car. Anyway, he was, the reason I'm telling you that is he was actually going over the budget with his team, about those things. So he may actually be able to answer those questions, if you get them to me, because he has been going over budgets for types of things like this. And in this instance, on a construction site. Yeah. it's relevant. So, I mean, it is kind of relevant in a way, right? Yeah, yeah. It absolutely is, because, yeah, part of what we're doing is also trying to pull the cost of what the, our recommendations would be, right? And so having someone who's, like, like, literally just what you said, is involved... That would be cool. Yeah, that'd be awesome. That's a very few guys' chunk of what... Yeah. Okay, well, put some questions together. Would you mind just for my own geekiness, if I could see, like, what you started with, kind of, and, like, like, what that looked like? Did you get, like, a question, or was it just something you started building? Like, I'm just curious how you got into where you're working on it. Yeah, so the Hackafon organizers prepared a few streams, so that was, like, infrastructure, energy, healthcare, what the other one was, right? Like, a general industry, streams, and then within those, they provided a few cases on, like, something that's more specific. What we're tackling right now is a custom case that we grabbed. So based off of, like, just reading through the examples, um, it's something that, like, I've noticed, I'm born and raised in Calgary, so I've seen the influx of population in the past few years, and, and, um, sadly, realize that it's, the infrastructure is not put in place prior to this room in population, and we need to, like, the government really needs to, like, crack down and get some of this in place before it gets to a level that's past something that we can control, right? Yeah, I mean, I personally go through, uh, so where, uh, Deerfoot and, uh, Anderson and all of those cross roads right now, I drive through that every day for work. And it's such a hassle, and that's kind of why I brought up, are you thinking about burnt things, because I know that that's supposed to improve soon, but it's not affecting people now. And also, it changes every day what lane you're driving in and what's new and what's not. So just, it changes every day how the traffic is impacted. Right? So, for sure. You want to show a little bit about what you're doing? Yeah. So what we have built so far is getting the real time data. So you see this picture is real time. refreshing every 60 seconds, and we have basically the traffic data on different points of the city. Yeah. And you can see the real time traffic and different statistics on that. And the other part is the experiment. You go and put your budget, like, see, you have, for example, 100K for infrastructure improvement, and there are some other questions that will be asked from you, and then you can run the experiment, and it will come up with the best action, sort of course of actions that you can make to reduce them. Okay. Traffic congestion. For example, our system pred this solution, and you can run through the simulation. It shows you before and after, how was the traffic before and how was the traffic after? Yeah, and yeah, that's that's pretty much the whole, the 2 main user journeys that we are supporting right now. Basically, three, we have 3 user journeys. We asked them to put their information, their budgets, the also different costs. So somebody is right now trying to finish this, then we get the cost for different material, for example, or the equipments that they have. We see how many of them are on maintenance and how many of them are available. So this is the support team. Yeah, this supporting user journey and other supporting user journey, as you saw here, is just coming and seeing the real-time data. It's some sort of a dashboard. The core user journey or our value proposition is predicting the best solution, not in advance, for what could be done in for the next 2 years of the calgary. I don't think we have data for that, but we can now come up with a solution that what action can be done to mitigate the current issues. Okay, so let me ask you one last question, 'cause I know you guys want to get back to what you're doing. What does your, like, end result on this interface look like? Like, what would you like to see when you're finished? Putting something in, seeing it play out, showing somebody kind of, like, what their cost savings is, what their time saving is, how many people you can get through. This new intersection. let's say, or thoroughfare. Like, what does the what does the goal look like? What are the metrics for your for your success? Amazing question. Um, so the problem we started with that, the pain that we are solving is, um, based on what animate uh, told me is they don't really have any system in place. And if they can have a system that will justify their decision making, it will reduce so much of randomness and headache from those people. And if we can accomplish that, by proving that our system actually comes up with a good suggestion, that would be our ultimate goal. How we can do that, you might say, okay, the city doesn't have $2000000000 to just trust your system and build the roads, make the interventions, and then see if this is if it is working actually or not. For that reason, we are trying to back test our solution. We are trying to go into the historical data and make intervention. See? like that. Yeah. See, if the decisions that they made, we can predict the result of that or not. If we can confident, yeah. That goes back to my question just before. What are your success metrics, and are you using those metrics on your back testing? Uh, I have to double check with the team. Yeah. Up to, as of now, no, but maybe they have already finished that. Yeah, I'm sorry if I'm asking so many questions. No, that's amazing. If I could give you one last, I said one last already one more time, but to get to where I'm talking about, think about what the end user or the person that you would be, quote unquote, telling this feature to. needs. So there are a return on investment, there, um, what they can bring to their shareholders. Right. Not how your answering questions, but what they can bring to their shareholders say, okay, well, essentially be able to move this many more people through this, this, uh, this intersection or this thoroughfare. This will only last for this many years, but by doing it this way, we're saving X amount of money, and we're leaving space and infrastructure in place to then do another build if growth happens again in a few years. So giving them information for what they can take for their shareholders, how they're saving money, how they're making money, how they're improving the system, and how it can help them to, again, improve the, improve the system later. Amazing insights. Yeah, maybe. That was amazing. Yeah. Yeah, it's just because that, if you know what you're, if you know what you're trying to sell at the end of it, it'll be help you able to build it back. like build from that and forward. And you already have the front end and the information and then you have the back end and the knee. And so finding the place in the middle where that bridge is connected is now what you're looking for. So I think if you, if you use your back testing against the metrics, you decide what the end user wants, then you'll be able to take the, that information you have, and the testing that you do, finding that answer, will give you a lot of the solutions I think you're looking for. And then you just need to build that into something that you can show the customer in the end. Thanks, thanks, Leah. I know you have lots of things to do. do you have any other questions? Okay, so thank you for giving me a call and giving me an opportunity to... Oh, of course. You learn a little bit from your experience. I know. We really appreciate the insight you gave us a lot. Yeah, the clarity for sure. Yeah, that thanks for the calority. Of course, of course. If you do want to send me some of those questions, I'd be more than happy because I talk with my boss, the person I was talking to about. Like, every day I've met every other day. So he's not gonna think it's random, and he knows all about my adventures in AI and stuff. So he'd probably be more than happy to help us out. So, just send me some questions, I'd be happy to answer them. We really appreciate that. Thank you so much. Of course. Anytime, guys. So glad I could, like, help a little bit. Thanks for taking time. It's always a pleasure. meeting you. Of course. And also, thanks for your time. It means a warp. Yeah, really. Yeah, of course you. Have a good evening. And really, I wish you guys all the best of luck, okay? Oh, thank you so much. Thanks. So I will send over to you the questions. Yeah, do that. yeah And I'll be waiting. I'm just watching it. I'm just watching a show and playing around on the internet. So I have free time. Okay? Okay, enjoy your enjoy. All right. Bye bye, guys. It was nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Well, you guys, well, bye. Okay. Uh, okay, that's awesome.